First, sorry for the plain text - that's the easiest from the comp I'm working from.

This is a cool project selection, but sounds challening.
Based on what we've learned, it seems like your selection of KNN to start with is a good idea, though from reviewing the data you get there will be a lot of processing to get into a set of variables that can be used for this algorithm. It looks like you are considering bayes or decision trees next, and both of those sound likee a good idea too, but similarly probably can't be run off raw data.

So, I see you are working to make some processed features to feed to the classifier. It's tough from just the code to tell what features you get in the data set (if any) beyond the travel path, or what options you have to classify from. From your variable names, it sounds like you are focusing on a velocity profile - average and max - as well as total distance. This sounds reasonable, but  might not be sufficient to identify. If they aren't, maybe consider some additional variables? The ones that comes to mind for me is turn rate, which I know insurance companies use to rate drivers, and accel / decel rates.

For accel / decel rates, you jsut need the max of the derivative of the velocity. I think that there should be python scripts to try this.

For turn rate, you'd need to take a derivative of the position but not just the rate of change of speed - you want max rate of change perpendicular to motion. I don't remember my math well enough to have an equation to hand, but if you can look this up it woudl tell you how hard the driver usually turns, which might give a good hint to identity.

I feel like there might be subtler clues too, like the rate the accelerate from a dead stop, how stable their HW velocity is, etc., but don't have a great idea of how to measure that!

As it is, I can't run the code, so I can't tell how close it is to having the data import and classification work.

I'm out next M-W but happy to chat more when I get back. Sorry my feedback probably isn't super helpful.
best,
Austin