What is the question you hope to answer? What data are you planning to use to answer that question? What do you know about the data so far? Why did you choose this topic?

The question I want to answer is if there are indicators in a quarterback's (QB) college career of success in the NFL.  

Drafting a quarterback from college is the easiest method of acquisition.  However drafting a college quarterback is inexact science.  Drafting a QB with the first overall pick (Tim Couch,  JaMarcus Russell) doesn't guarantee an excellent QB and we've seen many QBs drafted in the later round who go on to have excellent careers (Joe Montana: 82, Tom Brady: 199).

The quarterback position is by far the most important position in the NFL.  A team's QB can dictate the type of offense a team runs and ultimately their success against other teams.  The Quarterback position additionally is the most expensive position of all football position.  Most QB's contracts exceed sixteen million dollars after their rookie contracts have expired.  Unlike other positions, there just aren't a large collection of Quarterbacks to chose from if you want to replace your Quarterback.  A high priced quarterback can be a detrimental to a football team, since each team only has a certain amount of money which they can spend on their collection of players and they are forgoing acquiring other premier talent in order to retain their quarterback.

I will be using two sets of data to measure the performance and physical attributes of a college player.  I will use their college performance statistics & the physical attributes collected from their combine measurements. The NFL has a combine event every year where every NFL prospect goes through to have their height & weight.  This will provide consistency to determine QB's relative size to one another.  The college performance statistics I will gather either from a sports site like ESPN or from GitHub from one of the many users who collects sports information.

I will also need to compare the college data against a player's NFL data.  I will be using 3 separate pieces of data to measure the effectiveness of a QB at the NFL level.  I will review their NFL statistics from similar sources as I would retrieve their college data.  ESPN.com also has two advanced metric rating to measure the effectiveness of a NFL QB; QBR and an individual overall rating from Scouts Inc.  The individual rating system is on a scale from 1 to 100 that represents how good that is rated against all other NFL players.  ESPN has stated that QBR was developed to measure the degree to which a quarterback contributed to scoring points for the team, and also to a win by the team.
